tvseries: Disenchantment
========================

:: Title
Disenchantment

:: Date
2018-

:: Description
Disenchantment is an American adult fantasy animated sitcom created by Matt
Groening for Netflix. The series is Groening's first production to appear
exclusively on a streaming service; he previously created The Simpsons and
Futurama for the Fox Broadcasting Company. Set in the medieval fantasy kingdom
of Dreamland, the series follows the story of Bean, a rebellious and alcoholic
princess, her naive elf companion Elfo, and her destructive "personal demon"
Luci. Disenchantment stars the voices of Abbi Jacobson, Eric Andre, Nat Faxon,
John DiMaggio, Tress MacNeille, Matt Berry, David Herman, Maurice LaMarche,
Lucy Montgomery, and Billy West.

:: References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disenchantment_(TV_series)

:: Collections
tvseries: Disenchantment


disenchantment2018e1x01
=======================

:: Title
A Princess, an Elf, and a Demon Walk Into a Bar

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
Princess Tiabeanie "Bean" is the roughhousing princess of Dreamland, unhappily
destined to marry Prince Guysbert, son of the incestuous king and queen of
Bentwood. Looking through her wedding gifts, Bean finds a demon named Luci who
was sent by two dark mages hoping to turn Bean to evil. Luci ends up being a
fun-loving troublemaker who sympathizes with Bean's predicament as she feels
that the marriage is simply a grab for more power by her father King Zøg.
Meanwhile, Elfo, an optimistic elf, disillusioned with his candy-making happy
life, leaves the elf realm much to the consternation of his people. Elfo
arrives in time to witness Bean turn down Guysbert who unfortunately impales
himself on a sword. Bean, Elfo, and Luci escape while Prince Merkimer, next in
line to marry Bean, and his men chase after her. The group is directed by a
fairy to the Wishmaster, who turns out to be the Washmaster, and hopelessly
surrounded, they fall backwards off a cliff.

Directed by: Dwayne Carey-Hill. Story by: Matt Groening & Josh Weinstein.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x02
=======================

:: Title
For Whom the Pig Oinks

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
Bean, Elfo, and Luci are "rescued" by Merkimer who takes them back to
Dreamland. Elfo is taken in by Sorcerio who wants to use his blood to create
more magic and so Zøg can gain the elixir of life. At Luci's suggestion, Bean
approaches Merkimer with the idea of having a bachelor party before the
marriage. She also discovers Zøg and Sorcerio's plan to drain Elfo of his
blood so they use pig's blood to fool them. At the bachelor party, the entire
crew travels to mermaid island in the hopes that Merkimer will be killed by
the mermaids. He is instead taken in by walruses who save them from murderous
Borcs, though they turn out to be the allied Bozaks. Bean ultimately loses
hope; however, a thirsty Merkimer discovers the "elf blood" which is mostly
pig's blood and Elfo convinces him to drink it transforming him into a pig.
Bean, fed up, denounces the marriage and Zøg finally agrees with his daughter.
This upsets the king of Bentwood and he and Zøg settle things in a fistfight
with Bean, Elfo, and Luci happily watching.

Directed by: Frank Marino. Story by: David X. Cohen.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x03
=======================

:: Title
The Princess of Darkness

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
While under the influence of Queen Oona's snake root, Bean, Elfo, and Luci run
into a gang of gender aware thieves who convince Bean to join them. At Luci's
urging, Bean breaks into her ancestors' resting place and steals their
valuables, but the thieves betray them and they get caught. At the suggestion
of Odval, Zøg's vizier, they decide to hire an exorcist named Big Jo to remove
a demon from Bean, unaware of the fact that Luci, whom everyone thinks is a
cat, is Bean's personal demon. Big Jo manages to seal away Luci and leaves.
While Bean feels clean and at peace with herself, Elfo convinces her that they
need to get Luci back and learn that he, along with several other demons will
be tossed into a volcano. Bean and Elfo get back at the thieves by getting
their valuables and manage to reach Big Jo who they end up dismembering and
toss into the volcano. When they successfully free Luci, Elfo accidentally
causes Big Jo's carriage to roll down the mountain which crashes and frees all
the other demons into the world.

Directed by: Wes Archer. Story by: Rich Fulcher.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x04
=======================

:: Title
Castle Party Massacre

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
Due to her status as a princess, as well as her reputation, Bean is frustrated
by the fact that she cannot have a real relationship with anyone. Zøg ends up
drinking poisoned fountain water and is taken by Oona to her people's spa
where an employee named Chazzzzz begins to torture Zøg with his stories.
Meanwhile, the residents at the castle throw a party. While Bean seeks to use
this to hook up with someone, Elfo wants to use the opportunity to tell his
true feelings to her. The party is suddenly overrun by vikings where their
leader, Sven, ends up catching the interest of Bean, angering Elfo. When Bean
and Sven are about to make out, Elfo interrupts them and accidentally reveals
that Bean is the princess. Sven then reveals his true intent to take over
Dreamland and have Bean rule by his side. The trio trick Sven into drinking
the poisoned fountain and get rid of him and his vikings. They manage to clean
up the party in time for Zøg to arrive, but he finds severed body parts in the
chimney angering him. Bean, Elfo, and Luci calmly watch the sunrise mutually.

Directed by: David D. Au. Story by: Jeff Rowe.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x05
=======================

:: Title
Faster, Princess! Kill! Kill!

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
Following the party, Zøg sends Bean to a convent to become a nun. She
immediately gets kicked out and Zøg insults her for being a "good-for-
nothing." She meets up with her maid Bunty, her husband Stan and their
numerous children. To earn her living, Bean decides to take a job as an
apprentice to Stan, who is an executioner and torturer. Elfo stays with Bunty
who babies him so much that he runs away into the woods. Bean meets a cackling
witch named Gwen with whom she sympathizes. When it comes time to execute her,
Bean cannot bring herself to do it and leaves the kingdom. She and Luci find
Elfo's foot prints when he ran into the woods and follow them, where they find
he has entered a candy house which is now owned by a cannibalistic Hansel and
Gretel. Bean and Luci arrive in time to rescue Elfo and Bean ends up killing
the siblings with a candy ax, albeit in self defense. Gwen is suddenly cured
from a curse and leaves pardoned. Zøg tells Bean that he is proud of her,
though she threatens to kill him if he continues to make fun of her buck
teeth.

Directed by: Ira Sherak. Story by: Reid Harrison.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x06
=======================

:: Title
Swamp and Circumstance

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
Bean once again sneaks off with Elfo and Luci for more debauchery. Zøg feeling
that he does not give Bean enough to do, decides to make her an ambassador
while the family goes on their trip to Dankmire, the homeland of Oona and her
son Derek. When they get there, the group puts up with the customs of the
Dankmirians who for years were at war with the Dreamlanders due to a canal
that was built (which the Dankmirians were forced to pay for). Both sides
claimed ownership of the canal and the fighting stopped once Zøg married Oona.
Impressed with Bean handling the situation, Zøg asks for her to give a speech
at a banquet. Overcome with the stress of thinking of what to say, Luci spikes
Bean's drink and she shows up drunk at the banquet where she humiliates
herself and her family and offends the Dankmirians who chase them out of their
land. Oona makes it back safely, but Zøg and Derek are captured by hillbillies
and Bean, Elfo, and Luci rescue them. Zøg finally admits that he is proud of
Bean and allows her to go to Hay Man, an event that he initially disallowed
her to attend.

Directed by: Albert Calleros. Story by: Eric Horsted.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x07
=======================

:: Title
Love's Tender Rampage

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
While passed out drunk, Bean, Elfo, and Luci are picked up by the plague
patrol who toss them into a pit. As they are about to be burned alive, Elfo
tries to kiss Bean, but she rebuffs him. They manage to get out and Elfo
claims that he was not trying to kiss her because he already has a girlfriend
who Elfo claims is tall, has red hair and one eye. The trio head to a drug den
and while in a state of intoxication, Bean claims to have seen Elfo's
girlfriend. She sends the royal guard to go and find her and they bring back a
giantess who they later learn is named Tess. Tess is upset over having been
taken from her home, but she agrees to go along with Elfo's charade so that
she can get a real working eye from him. Elfo ends up using a crystal ball and
Tess is suddenly able to see the truth in everyone. This results in Elfo
telling Bean the truth and a fire causes a mob to chase the three and Tess.
They use the drug den to turn the mob away and Tess leaves with Bean and Elfo
finally kissing, albeit while in another intoxicated state.

Directed by: Peter Avanzino. Story by: Jeny Batten & M. Dickson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x08
=======================

:: Title
The Limits of Immortality

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
During a parade, Elfo is kidnapped by someone and Bean approaches Zøg with a
quest to find him. Coincidentally, Sorcerio finds a book in Gwen's burned down
candy house and figures out that the secret to the elixir of life is tied to a
vial called the Eternity Pendant and decides to come along with Bean and Luci
on their quest. They meet Gwen who leads them to her ex-husband Malfus who had
taken the elixir of life, but has become a hermit in a cave. He directs the
group to the "edge of the world" where they run into a female griffin, with a
masculine appearance, who informs them about the vial. Big Jo is revealed to
be Elfo's kidnapper as he can locate the vial and soon kidnaps Bean and Luci
as leverage. They find the Lost City of Cremorrah out in the middle of a
desert and manage to locate the vial while Big Jo and his assistant Porky are
distracted by a knight. The trio escape by burying Big Jo in the city as it
fills with sand. Meanwhile, the mages who sent Luci, named the Enchantress and
Cloyd, congratulate Bean as they prepare for Dreamland's fall.

Directed by: Brian Sheesley. Story by: Patric Verrone.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x09
=======================

:: Title
To Thine Own Elf Be True

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
The trio return from their adventure with the pendant and try to use Elfo's
blood to bring people back to life. However, the pendant still does not work.
An expert is brought in and reveals that Elfo is not a true elf, angering Zøg
who kicks him out of Dreamland. Odval allows Bean and Luci to go and find Elfo
so that he and the knights can follow. Bean and Luci find Elfo who decides to
take them to Elfwood where he is reunited with his kin. While Bean and Luci
mingle with the elves, Elfo learns from his father that he is half-elf, with
his other half a mystery due to being interrupted by the arrival of Zøg's men.
Bean, Elfo, Luci and the elves fight off the knights and seal Elfwood away
before the rest of the troops can arrive, but the victory is short lived when
an arrow fatally pierces Elfo. Zøg reveals that he did not want the elixir for
himself but to revive Bean's mother, Dagmar, who was turned to stone by a
poison meant for him but was switched by a young Bean. Having gotten some
genuine elf blood on her handkerchief after she was trying to help an elf in
Elfwood, Bean heavy-heartedly chooses to use the pendant on Dagmar over Elfo.

Directed by: Frank Marino. Story by: Shion Takeuchi.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e1x10
=======================

:: Title
Dreamland Falls

:: Date
2018-08-17

:: Description
Dagmar is reintroduced to the kingdom as everyone rejoices including an
ecstatic Zøg. Oona immediately takes a disliking towards Dagmar and reasserts
her position. The entire kingdom holds a funeral for Elfo; however, Dagmar and
Oona get into a fight resulting in Elfo's corpse falling into the ocean. Oona
flees and makes a deal of some kind with Odval while Zøg keeps Derek "safe" in
the tower. Dagmar attempts to spend the day with Bean proclaiming she has a
destiny to fulfill. Zøg reveals more about himself to Luci, such as how he
became king when the previous king, Zøg's older brother Yøg was poisoned. Luci
uses the crystal ball that Tess returned to see things that happened in the
past. The kingdom's residents one by one turn to stone and Dagmar takes Bean
to a secret library while Luci reveals to Zøg that Dagmar tried to poison him
all those years ago. Dagmar releases more of the poison upon all of Dreamland,
turning everyone to stone except Zøg and Derek. Luci is captured by an unseen
figure, we don't know who it is (only that it's someone from Dagmar's team),
just it's not Dagmar herself, because at the same time Dagmar with Bean
escapes on a boat with creatures. In a post-credits scene, Elfo's corpse
washes onto shore and is retrieved by mysterious figures.

Directed by: Wes Archer. Story by: Bill Oakley.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x01
=======================

:: Title
The Disenchantress

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
Zøg wanders what is left of Dreamland. Oona gets on Dagmar's boat to warn
Bean, but is incapacitated by Dagmar. She is kicked off, but grabs Dagmar's
eternity pendant, and rests at the bottom of the sea tied to an anchor. Bean
and Dagmar arrive at Maru where the Enchantress (Becky) and Cloyd are. They
are actually Dagmar's siblings with Jerry, their servant, as their younger
brother. Dagmar tells Bean that Zøg did not want her to come because their
family has a history of being murderous and crazy; something Bean believes
could be true for her. She slowly becomes suspicious of Becky and Cloyd and
with the help of Jerry discovers a sinister plot. She is horrified to discover
that Dagmar was the one who turned the kingdom to stone and that she was born,
solely to fulfill a satanic prophecy. Bean finds Luci in the basement where
Dagmar, Cloyd and Becky chase them. Bean accidentally blows up the basement as
she and Luci escape. Using a spying flame, they discover that Elfo is in
Heaven and tell him to literally go to Hell so they can meet him. Luci opens a
stairway to Hell and Dagmar arrives to wrestle with Bean before she is knocked
out by Jerry who slowly dies from an earlier injury. Bean and Luci begin their
descent.

Directed by: Albert Calleros. Story by: Shion Takeuchi.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x02
=======================

:: Title
Stairway to Hell

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
Zøg encounters Merkimer, still in pig form, and they decide to hang out. The
Bozaks arrive, and, while looting  the castle, kidnap Merkimer. Zøg regains
his courage and strength to slay the Bozaks. Meanwhile, Elfo is in Heaven when
he gets Bean and Luci's message. He tries to anger God, but God only finds his
insults amusing rather than offensive. After insulting Jerry, who ended up in
Heaven, God angrily sends Elfo to Hell. Bean and Luci arrive in Hell and
discover that Elfo made it too, but has been sent somewhere to be tortured.
While searching the archives, they are confronted by Asmodium, Luci's
superior. Luci reveals he tricked Bean and Elfo into coming to Hell, and
Asmodium rewards him with a promotion. Bean and Elfo end up being tortured
together, watching a loop of when Bean chose to revive her mother instead of
Elfo. Elfo is enraged and heartbroken that Bean chose her mother, while Bean
tells him it was the worst mistake of her life. As they insult each other and
Luci, Luci arrives to break them out, as he needed the wings from his
promotion to escape from Hell. The trio is confronted by Asmodium, and Luci
once again sells out his friends. Asmodium makes Luci into a higher level
demon, and Luci uses his newfound powers to save his friends – despite
Asmodium warning him that he will lose his immortality. The three friends
escape Hell through a volcano, and Luci loses his wings. They immediately find
Elfo's body and Bean puts his soul back in to revive him. The three friends
happily hug each other while God and Jerry look on from Heaven.

Directed by: Dwayne Carey-Hill. Story by: David X. Cohen.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x03
=======================

:: Title
The Very Thing

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
Bean, Elfo and Luci realize that they are on mermaid island. After spending
the night, as well as getting a spa treatment, the three leave on a boat left
on the island. They head out where Elfo is still upset over being left for
dead in favor of Dagmar, but he pushes those feelings aside in the meantime.
They finally arrive at Dreamland where Zøg, believing that Bean betrayed him,
begins tossing rocks at them, though they manage to get on land. Oona is
rescued by pirates who do nothing as their captain is uninterested. She urges
them to attack a nearby vessel and learns that the captain is an elf named
Leavo. Bean finally manages to get through to Zøg and Oona and pirates arrive
demanding treasure. In return they will give them the pendant. Zøg sends Elfo
down to the dungeon with Leavo to knock him out, but Leavo discovers something
that intrigues him and Elfo reveals Zøg's plan. Leavo decides to help them
anyway and he gathers the rest of the elves to use their blood to revive the
citizens of Dreamland. Zøg and Oona decide to get a divorce and Derek, who has
been stuck in a tower this whole time, takes it well. Oona decides to be the
new pirate captain and leaves Dreamland and Zøg on good terms.

Directed by: Frank Marino. Story by: Andrew Burrell.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x04
=======================

:: Title
The Lonely Heart Is a Hunter

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
Bean keeps having dreams about Dagmar visiting her and playing a music box
that sits on her shelf. Infuriating her, she proceeds to look for clues and
finds Maruvian symbols scattered throughout the castle. She ends up in a
cavern, but after hearing the music box, she runs away scared and breaks and
tosses her own box. The elves have moved into their own section of Dreamland
where Elfo is reunited with Kissy. She hooks up with Luci, much to Elfo's
chagrin and he spends the whole time trying to convince Luci that Kissy does
not care about him. Eventually, she breaks up with Luci after realizing that
she loves herself more than him and the numerous other dates she has had. Zøg
is sad over his love life and decides to go hunting, where he encounters
Ursula, a selkie who transforms from a bear to a human. He hits it off with
her due to her wild and savage ways. Despite Odval's disapproval, Zøg welcomes
her to Dreamland and they spend a day together and have sex. When Ursula
desires to go back to the forest, Zøg keeps her bear coat, but sees how
unhappy she is and returns it, though she thanks him and waves goodbye. Later
at night, Bean sleeps, but awakens to a newly rebuilt music box.

Directed by: David D. Au. Story by: Ben Ward.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x05
=======================

:: Title
Our Bodies, Our Elves

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
On Wash Day, the elves in Dreamland get sick after ingesting the dirty
leftover water. They hold a meeting where Pops, Elfo's father, tells them of
the Legenberry Tree that can cure any ailment, but is in the possession of the
ogres. They get a volunteer in the form of "Handsome" Wade Brody Jr. and Elfo
and Bean join him while Luci stays behind to "nurse" the elves back to health.
While traveling through the jungle, Elfo learns that Wade is a phony and has
been stealing tall tales from a book. He abandons them when they get attacked
by vines. Elfo and Bean find the ogre village, but they get captured and
discover that Wade has been killed. Elfo manages to take out numerous ogres
and rescues Bean. When they find the tree, the ogre queen arrives and secretly
helps them collect the berries for them and gives them a secret passage to
escape. As they leave, the queen ponders on Elfo's name. Elfo and Bean make it
back and use the berries to heal all the elves, with Pops revealing that he
stole Elfo's college fund.

Directed by: Wes Archer. Story by: Adam Briggs.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x06
=======================

:: Title
The Dreamland Job

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
After being paraded through town in a shame barrel, Bean angrily resents Zøg
and his bossiness, especially when he has begun overtaxing the elves.
Overhearing her, an elf named Grifto offers his services to steal from him.
Owning a circus, they plan to steal from Zøg's now full money vault and return
all of the gold to the elves. Meanwhile, Luci takes control of the bar they
frequent by and renames it Luci's Inferno. Bean convinces Zøg to have the elf
circus perform for them and by doing so, allows her, Elfo and the others to
sneak down and steal the gold. During the performance, Zøg admits that he was
wrong to tax the elves and plans on giving back the money. When Bean goes to
tell Grifto, he and his circus betray her and Elfo by revealing that they are,
in fact, trolls, stealing for themselves. Bean and Elfo chase down the trolls,
but are too late. Luckily, Luci caught on to their plan and switched the gold
out with chocolate coins. As Bean, Elfo and Luci return the gold, Zøg bathes
in the elves praise of him.

Directed by: Ira Sherak. Story by: Jeny Batten & M. Dickson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x07
=======================

:: Title
Love's Slimy Embrace

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
Another night of boredom leads Zøg to invite his friend, the Duke, over for
dinner. To get out of his hair, Bean, Elfo and Luci head down to the bar.
Derek follows them as he is lonely, but Bean tells him to leave as she does
not like having him around. Bean has always had some animosity towards her
half-brother due to him being Zøg's successor and considers him a loser. Derek
solemnly heads to the beach where he finds a small one eyed octopus whom he
names Slimy. Zøg learns that the Duke has gout. He claims that when a royal
gets gout that means they are successful. Zøg has Luci feed him many unhealthy
things to get the disease, leading to another visit from the Duke who reveals
that he had his foot amputated. After four days of caring, Slimy has grown in
size and has begun killing people after witnessing Derek playing with Elfo. He
drags Derek away and Bean and Elfo race to rescue him. They manage to secure
Derek and escape the monster island. Afterwards, Derek is amazed that Bean
rescued him even though she said she hated him.

Directed by: David D. Au & Ira Sherak. Story by: Eric Horsted.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x08
=======================

:: Title
In Her Own Write

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
Bean continues to have nightmares about Dagmar. She learns through Zøg that
the reason the kingdom is called Dreamland is because the castle contains
mysterious powers that affect your dreams and nightmares and that she needs to
overcome them. Bean goes out at night and comes across The Jittery, a café.
Miri, an employee, convinces Bean to literally write her feelings down. With
support from Luci, Bean begins writing, but gets inspiration from Merkimer and
Elfo to make it a play instead. After completing it, she is shocked to learn
that women are not allowed to perform in plays. Merkimer sells the script
himself, but takes credit as author. He pays Bean, but she is still upset
about the credit. Odval and the Druidess inform Zøg about the play and he
decides to see it. Bean stops by the Jittery and decides to give a spoken word
account about her life. Zøg dislikes the play and leaves in anger, but stops
by the café to listen to Bean. They both come to terms with Dagmar's betrayal
of them and the head home together.

Directed by: Ira Sherak. Story by: Bill Oakley.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x09
=======================

:: Title
The Electric Princess

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
While out in Elf Alley, a dragon appears and begins setting fire to the town.
Bean and the knights race after it with the former firing an arrow. The dragon
turns out to be a giant mechanized air ship flown by a man named Skybert
Gunderson. Skybert is captured and, due to the kingdom's basic understanding
of science, believe he is an enchanter and imprison him. Curious, Bean breaks
into the prison and helps him build a radio to contact his allies. They escape
in his submarine and head back to Steamland, his home. Upon reaching his home,
Skybert tells Bean to stay, but she leaves and explores Steamland and its many
oddities. She arrives at Skybert's workplace and discovers that he and his
coworkers have been planning to overthrow Zøg. Bean escapes in one of the sky
vehicles and fights Skybert; knocking him out and taking his bag. She makes it
back to Dreamland where she tells Zøg about the plot, but while arguing over a
"dragon whistle", actually a gun, it goes off and shoots Zøg. As he falls
over, Bean rushes to his side and cries over his body.

Directed by: Edmund Fong. Story by: Jamie Angell.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e2x10
=======================

:: Title
Tiabeanie Falls

:: Date
2019-09-20

:: Description
As Zøg is taken away to be treated, poorly, Odval and the Druidess pin the
blame of his "assassination" on Bean. Derek is crowned king, but Odval is the
acting regent. As everyone tries to get Bean to confess to being a witch,
Odval makes his move on taking over the kingdom. Derek goes to a sick Zøg for
advice, who tells him to listen to his gut. At the trial, Luci acts as Bean's
attorney and the witnesses all point out some way Bean had affected them. Elfo
tries to explain about how Bean went to Hell to save him, but his poor
explanation further pushes everyone to believe she is a witch. Derek tries to
reach a decision later. Stan the Executioner frees Bean, Elfo and Luci from
prison and the three go to see Zøg to remove the bullet. They are captured and
set to be burned at the stake. Derek cannot bring himself to do it, so Odval
does. As Luci explains that he lost his immortality, they fall through the
ground and end up in a catacomb. They are found by subterraneans, called
Trøgs, and Dagmar who still has the music box as she greets Bean and her
friends.

Directed by: Peter Avanzino. Story by: Patric M. Verrone & Josh Weinstein.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x01
=======================

:: Title
Subterranean Homesick Blues

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Dagmar welcomes Bean, Elfo and Luci to the home of the Trøgs. While Bean wants
to leave, the complex tunnels prevent her and she reluctantly decides to stay.
She further wonders what her mother is doing and Elfo starts a relationship
with a Trøg named Trixie. Zøg begins to recover from his injuries, but Odval
and the Arch Druidess inform Pendergast to kill him if he fully does, despite
his reluctance. The villains want to use Derek to enforce their own laws, but
at the suggestion of Merkimer, he decides to make up his own rules, much to
their consternation. Using the tunnels, Elfo is able to sneak into the castle
and inform Zøg that Bean is alive. Bean learns that her father still lives and
happily embraces Dagmar. Later that night, Bean continues to search the
caverns and discovers that Dagmar has been feasting on the brains of the Trøgs
while they are still alive. Zøg plans with Pendergast to have his body shipped
away in a coffin. However, the Arch Druidess finds out, kills Pendergast and
buries Zøg alive.

Directed by: Brian Sheesley. Story by: Ken Keeler & Patric M. Verrone.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x02
=======================

:: Title
You're the Bean

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
After Dagmar's secret is discovered, Bean, Elfo and Luci end up in a dungeon
where they encounter the pirate Leavo, now as prisoner. After the trio escape
with the help of Trixy, a plan is devised to take advantage of Bean's
resemblance to her mother. She dresses in Dagmar's clothes and attempt to gain
the Trog's help while Elfo distracts Dagmar as a masseuse. But the ruse is
discovered, although Bean is able to convince the Trogs that Dagmar is the
impostor. At the same time, Zøg futilely tries to escape his coffin, before
being seized by a group of grave-robbing Trogs and escaping into the caves,
finding Bean and the others. Unfortunately, Bean blows her cover embracing
him, and they soon try to escape Dagmar's grasp once again. In doing so, they
create a light symbol that marks them as "the saviors", and Bean orders the
Trogs to throw Dagmar out, although she escapes, and the others leave the
caves. Meanwhile on the surface, a walrus has been placed as a decoy for Zøg,
and Derek decides to make up his own decrees against the wishes of Odval and
the archdruidess. While hiding in his room, Derek finds a book with a secret
history of the kings of Dreamland, but with the last few pages torn out, and
is found by Odval. Later that night, Odval and the archdruidess observe Bean
and company climbing out of the caves.

Directed by: Edmund Fong. Story by: Jameel Saleem.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x03
=======================

:: Title
Beanie Get Your Gun

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Derek welcomes Bean and Zøg back into Dreamland. He pardons Bean, and
relinquishes the crown back to Zøg. Zøg’s erratic behavior raises some
concern, and Bean tries to investigate its cause. Meanwhile, Derek gets locked
out of the castle and tries to make some friends. He ends up being taken
advantage of due to his gullibility, until he meets fairy Sagatha. Sagatha and
her fairy friends teach Derek some wisdom and street smarts, after which Derek
proposes to Sagatha. Bean finds Pendergast’s headless body in his own locker.
There was a gunshot through his armor, which prompted Bean to reach into the
armour, subsequently pulling out a bullet. Bean searches the castle for the
gun, with the help of the crystal ball and Ms. Moonpence. She hides the gun in
her room after locating it in Odval’s globe. Derek returns to Dreamland, and a
wedding is held for him and Sagatha after receiving Zøg’s blessing. During the
ceremony, a sharp-eyed Derek notices the gun hidden in the Arch Druidess’
sleeve, and halts the wedding. The Arch Druidess escapes on a motorcycle, but
she dropped a roadmap to Steamland.

Directed by: Ira Sherak. Story by: Liz Suggs.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x04
=======================

:: Title
Steamland Confidential

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Bean and Elfo go after the Arch Druidess, while Luci stays with Zøg (who is
having a mental breakdown) in Dreamland. When they arrive in Steamland Bean
infiltrates the Gunderson factory to find the Arch Druidess, and Elfo is taken
into a upscale explorers club impressing everybody about his past tales when a
strange man notices a pin on the clothing he stole. At the factory Bean meets
a man named Gordy while working there. In the end she realizes that Gordy is
actually Alva Gunderson the founder of the company, and he wants to make a
deal because of some sort of magic that is powerful and in Dreamland. He is
the one who sent his brother Skybert to Dreamland in part two, and hired the
Arch Druidess to lure Bean to Steamland, though he denies any knowledge of the
Arch Druidess' acts of murder and has her taken away, but not before she warns
Bean not to trust Alva. At the prestigious club, the other patrons are
impressed by Elfo, until a man who owns a freak show comes in and takes Elfo
for his collection.

Directed by: Crystal Chesney-Thompson & Ed Tadem. Story by: Bill Odenkirk.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x05
=======================

:: Title
Freak Out!

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Bean wakes up the next morning and gets mail from Alva, and it opens up to
reveal an image of the two of them kissing on a bridge. She runs away and he
does everything he can to get her back. She then tries to find Elfo, who is
held captured at the freak show and falls in love with his neighbor, a
headless psychic named Edith. Bean eventually finds Elfo and busts everyone
else out. As Elfo goes to free Edith the owner appears and begins to strangle
him, but is knockout by Edith who actually has a body. She tells Elfo that
they can't be together as a curse placed on her causes anyone who falls in
love with her to meet a horrible fate. On the pier there are tons of robots
who corner Bean and Elfo and Bean screams at them that she has no magic and in
that moment lightning shoots from her fingers and takes out the whole place.
Zøg continues to act more crazy.

Directed by: Raymie Muzquiz. Story by: Josh Weinstein.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x06
=======================

:: Title
Last Splash

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Elfo and Bean are about to escape, but Elfo reminds Bean of one lasting member
of the freak show: Mora. They rescue her from her tank and barely escape on a
steamboat, with the help of Mora. Along the way, Elfo begins a strange
relationship with the steamboat, while Bean opens up about her feelings for
other people with Mora, the mermaid, as they grow closer to one another. They
crash land on Mermaid Island, where Mora introduces Bean to her family, and
they have a romantic night together. The following day, Bean wakes up and
since she does not find Mora's necklace around her neck, believes that
everything that happened the day before was a dream, and walks across the
beach with Elfo. The final shot of the episode shows the necklace washing up
on shore, confirming that the experience with Mora was real.

Directed by: Lauren MacMullan & Jeff Myers. Story by: Deanna MacLellan &
Michael Saikin.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x07
=======================

:: Title
Bad Moon Rising

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Bean returns to Dreamland, distraught over her time with Mora, still believing
it was a hallucination, but looking back at it lovingly. Oona, who has
returned to Dreamland to attend Derek's wedding-gone-wrong, comforts her and
secretly believes her that the mermaid encounter was real. She later overhears
Odval and the other members of the royal council plotting against Zøg, as they
did with his brother Yøg, so she tells Oona of her recent discoveries (who is
devastated as Yøg was the love of her life)  and the two team up in an effort
to undermine their scheme, while telling Luci and Elfo to raise an army to
protect the kingdom. Luci and Elfo trains the nearly incompetent townsfolk to
become well-trained soldiers, but the army is dispersed after seeing Elfo
perform a ritual with Trixy and the trogs on the full moon, in which they
spank the bare butts at it. Oona and Bean's plan backfires and they are
revealed as who they really are, and when Zøg comes down to the basement, he
sees them naked and spying on Odval and further descends into a downward
spiral, which was the council's plan all along.

Directed by: Dwayne Carey-Hill. Story by: Liz Elverenli.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x08
=======================

:: Title
Hey, Pig Spender

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Prince Merkimer begins to feel depressed since his body and a pig's body were
switched in the beginning of season one. Meanwhile, a terrifying monster
covered in leaves and mud begins to terrorize the poorer villagers on the
outskirts of Dreamland. Bean arrives to investigate, and discovers that it is
Merkimer's body, with the brain of a pig. They pretend that it is Merkimer
with pig Merkimer talking for it, and return him to his parents in Bentwood,
hoping to gain money and weapons. But  Merkimer decides to revalue as his
status as prince, but is saddened to learn that no one, not even his parents
cared about him. Human Merkimer reveals that he has developed intelligence and
taken-over Bentwood and tries to drown Bean, Lucy and Elfo in money after Pig
Merkimer joins him. Pig Merkimer feels bad and saves them, kills human
Merkimer, and the four return to Dreamland with the money that Elfo swallowed
and arrows shot at them.

Directed by: Brian Sheesley. Story by: Abe Groening.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x09
=======================

:: Title
The Madness of King Zøg

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Zøg is locked up in the castle's insane asylum, and begins to speak gibberish.
Bean convinces Odval to let her speak to her father, and she is able to get
through to him, but later, after a visit from the ghost of Dagmar, he escapes
and wanders about the city, confused. Bean follows after him, and eventually
finds him wandering into a shop, where he purchases a ventriloquist dummy. He
begins speaking in riddles and insults through the dummy, and only Bean can
truly understand what he is saying. When a cloud of green smoke can be seen
clearing a nearby mountain range, the kingdom begins to worry. Bean speaks to
Zøg for advice and he prepares her for the coming attack. However, Zøg's
condition still seems to be worsening. Elfo admits that he thinks that Bean is
just imagining that what the dummy is saying are actually clues, and that Bean
is running the kingdom by herself. After speaking to Zøg one last time, Bean
realizes that even he knows about how bad his insanity has gotten, and he
requests to be sent away so he can get better. Bean sends him to an unknown
location with Chazzzzz.

Directed by: Edmund Fong. Story by: Patric M. Verrone.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


disenchantment2018e3x10
=======================

:: Title
Bean Falls Down

:: Date
2021-01-15

:: Description
Princess Bean is crowned queen after Zøg is deemed unfit to be king and is
taken away for treatment with Chazzzzz. The mysterious green smoke reaches the
castle, and turns out to be Big Jo and his lesser-known assistant, Porky, who
want to make amends for what they did to Bean, Elfo, and Luci. Bean is
untrusting of the exorcist, even though he claims to have changed, and locks
him in a dungeon, much to the annoyance of Odval, who wanted to work with Big
Jo. Soon after, ogres arrive wanting Elfo, who blinded their prince, but
against the wishes of everyone else, she doesn't let them have Elfo and
instead fends them off by dumping all the alcohol in the kingdom onto them.
Bean, Elfo, and Luci realize that the entire horde of ogres are too much for
them to handle alone and hide in the secret library. Elfo, realizing that the
ogres will soon come and kill him (and the rest of the kingdom and Bean, as
well), sacrifices himself—much to Bean's horror—to the ogres, who take him
away instead of killing him. Dagmar arrives in a secret elevator that connects
to the secret library, Luci tries to save her but is decapitated by the
elevator doors and dies. Dagmar takes Bean to Hell to marry a mysterious man
who resembles Alva. Luci wakes up to find himself in Heaven with Jerry and
God, much to his dismay.

Directed by: Ira Sherak. Story by: Jameel Saleem.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


