tvseries: Faerie Tale Theatre
=============================

:: Title
Faerie Tale Theatre

:: Date
1982-1987

:: Description
Faerie Tale Theatre (also known as Shelley Duvall's Faerie Tale Theatre) is an
American live-action fairytale fantasy anthology television series of 27
episodes, that originally aired on Showtime from September 11, 1982 until
November 14, 1987. It is a retelling of 25 fairy tales, particularly those by
The Brothers Grimm, Charles Perrault and Hans Christian Andersen, plus the
poem "The Pied Piper of Hamelin". Shelley Duvall is the series creator, host,
executive producer alongside Bridget Terry and Frederic E. Fuchs, occasional
star and narrator, and voice of the animatronic Nightingale. 

:: References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faerie_Tale_Theatre

:: Collections
tvseries: Faerie Tale Theatre


ftt1982e1x01
============

:: Title
The Tale of the Frog Prince

:: Date
1982-09-11

:: Description
A spoiled princess is forced to keep her promise to a talking frog who is an
enchanted prince when he rescues her golden ball from the bottom of a well.

Starring Robin Williams as the Frog Prince, Teri Garr as the Princess, René
Auberjonois as King Ulrich, Candy Clark as Queen Gwynneth, and Michael
Richards as King Geoffrey. Narrated, written, and directed by Eric Idle.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e1x02
============

:: Title
Rumpelstiltskin

:: Date
1982-10-16

:: Description
A tiny man lends a helping hand to a miller's daughter who is forced to answer
for her father's tall tale that she can spin gold from straw.

Starring Ned Beatty as the King, Shelley Duvall as the Miller's Daughter, Paul
Dooley as the Miller, Jack Fletcher as The Wizard, Bud Cort as the Page, and
Hervé Villechaize as Rumpelstiltskin. Written by Gerald Ayres. Directed by
Emile Ardolino.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e2x01
============

:: Title
Rapunzel

:: Date
1983-02-05

:: Description
A beautiful and young girl named Rapunzel is taken from her parents by an evil
witch and brought up in an isolated tower that can only be accessed by
climbing her unnaturally long and blonde hair until a handsome prince goes
there to rescue her.

Starring  Shelley Duvall as Rapunzel and Rapunzel's mother, Jeff Bridges as
the Prince and Rapunzel's father, and Gena Rowlands as the Witch. Narrated by
Roddy McDowall. Written by David Wyles. Directed by Gilbert Cates.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e2x02
============

:: Title
The Nightingale

:: Date
1983-05-10

:: Description
A Chinese Emperor finds true friendship from a lowly kitchen maid and a plain
little bird; both of whom are worth more than they appear.

Starring Mick Jagger as the Emperor, Barbara Hershey as the Maid, Bud Cort as
the Music Master, Mako as the Gardener, Keye Luke as the Imperial Doctor,
Edward James Olmos as the Prime Minister, Anjelica Huston as Primrose, and
Jerry Hall as Pansy. Narrated by Shelley Duvall (who also performs the voice
of the Nightingale). Written by Joan Michelin Silver. Directed by Ivan Passer.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e2x03
============

:: Title
Sleeping Beauty

:: Date
1983-07-07

:: Description
A handsome prince on the search for a princess best known as the Sleeping
Beauty bumps into a woodsman who tells him the story of the Sleeping Beauty,
the fabled sleeping princess.

Starring Bernadette Peters as Sleeping Beauty, Christopher Reeve as Prince
Charming, Beverly D'Angelo as Henbane the Wicked Fairy, Carol Kane as the Good
Fairy, George Dzundza as the Woodsman, Sally Kellerman as Queen Natasha, René
Auberjonois as King Boris, Ron Rifkin the Squire, and Richard Libertini as
King Murray. Written by Jeffery Alan Fiskin. Directed by Jeremy Kagan.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e2x04
============

:: Title
Jack and the Beanstalk

:: Date
1983-09-08

:: Description
A dreamer boy named Jack one day finds that his dreams have grown to enormous
proportions.

Starring Dennis Christopher as Jack, Elliott Gould as the Giant, Jean
Stapleton as the Giantess, Katherine Helmond as Jack's Mother, and Mark
Blankfield as the Strange Little Man. Written by Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss.
Directed by Lamont Johnson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e2x05
============

:: Title
Little Red Riding Hood

:: Date
1983-11-10

:: Description
An overprotected young lady named Mary learns that there is merit to her
parents' advice that she stick to the path and not talk to strangers.

Starring Mary Steenburgen as Mary (Little Red Riding Hood), Malcolm McDowell
as Reginald Von Lupin (the Wolf), Frances Bay as Granny, John Vernon as Mary's
Father, Diane Ladd as Mary's Mother, and Darrell Larson as Chris. Written by
Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss. Directed by Graeme Clifford.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e2x06
============

:: Title
Hansel and Gretel

:: Date
1983-12-05

:: Description
A boy named Hansel and his sister named Gretel who are left to fend for
themselves in the woods and stumble upon a curious house made out of candy
that belongs to an evil witch.

Starring Ricky Schroder as Hansel, Bridgette Andersen as Gretel, Joan Collins
as the Witch and Stepmother, and Paul Dooley as Hansel and Gretel's Father.
Written by Patricia Resnick. Directed by James Frawley.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x01
============

:: Title
Goldilocks and the Three Bears

:: Date
1984-01-09

:: Description
Goldilocks a precocious girl with a penchant for telling tall tales, learns
the value of honesty...and of respecting others' privacy.

Starring Tatum O'Neal as Goldilocks, Hoyt Axton as the Forest Ranger, John
Lithgow as Goldilocks' Father, Carole King as Goldilocks' Mother, Alex Karras
as Papa Bear, Brandis Kemp as Mama Bear, and Donovan Scott as Cubby Bear.
Written by Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss. Directed by Gilbert Cates.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x02
============

:: Title
The Princess and the Pea

:: Date
1984-04-16

:: Description
A bored prince decides that the best way to cheer himself up is to get
married. As he goes through his mother's list of eligible princesses, an
outspoken young candidate appears at the castle with raucous claims.

Starring Liza Minnelli as Princess Alecia, Tom Conti as Prince Richard,
Beatrice Straight as Queen Veronica, Pat McCormick as King Fredrico, Tim
Kazurinsky as the Fool, and Nancy Allen as Princess Elizabeth. Written by Rod
Ash and Mark Curtiss. Directed by Tony Bill.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x03
============

:: Title
Pinocchio

:: Date
1984-05-14

:: Description
When lonely puppetmaker Gepetto wishes with all his might to have a real son,
the Blue Fairy grants him and a wooden puppet named Pinocchio the chance to
make that wish come true.

Starring Paul Reubens as Pinocchio, Carl Reiner as Gepetto, Lainie Kazan as
Sofia the Blue Fairy, James Coburn as the Gypsy, Jim Belushi as Mario, Michael
Richards as Vince, and Vincent Schiavelli as the Priest. Narrated by Don
Novello. Written by Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss. Directed by Peter Medak.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x04
============

:: Title
Thumbelina

:: Date
1984-06-11

:: Description
Thumbelina, a girl the size of a human thumb, embarks on a great adventure in
the big wide world.

Starring Carrie Fisher as Thumbelina, William Katt as the Flower Prince,
Burgess Meredith as Mr. Mortimer Mole, Donovan Scott as Herman Toad, and
Conchata Ferrell as Thumbelina's Mother. Narrated by David Hemmings. Written
by Maryedith Burrell. Directed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x05
============

:: Title
Snow White and the Seven Dwarves

:: Date
1984-07-16

:: Description
A beautiful young princess named Snow White is forced to flee for her life,
when her "crime" of simply being fairest in the kingdom arouses jealousy in
the evil Queen...who also happens to be the girl's stepmother. Starring
Elizabeth McGovern as Snow White; Vanessa Redgrave as the Evil Queen; Vincent
Price as the Magic Mirror; Lou Carry, Tony Cox, Billy Curtis, Phil Fondacaro,
Daniel Frishman, Peter Risch, and Kevin Thompson as the Dwarves; and Rex Smith
as the Prince. Written by Robert C. Jones. Directed by Peter Medak.

NOTE: It is revealed (although never shown) in this version of the story that,
as a child, Snow White's favorite pastime was (secretly) going for swims in
the moat of her stepmother's castle.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x06
============

:: Title
Beauty and the Beast

:: Date
1984-08-13

:: Description
A merchant's beautiful youngest daughter simply named Beauty, sacrifices her
freedom to save her father when he is taken captive by a "monster"...who also
turns out to be a cursed prince.

Starring Susan Sarandon as Beauty, Klaus Kinski as the Beast, Stephen Elliott
as Beauty's Father, and Nancy Lenehan and Anjelica Huston as Beauty's sisters.
Written by Robert C. Jones. Directed by Roger Vadim.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e3x07
============

:: Title
The Boy Who Left Home to Find Out About the Shivers

:: Date
1984-09-17

:: Description
A boy who doesn't know what fear is sets out into the world, hoping to learn
for himself what it means to be afraid.

Starring Peter MacNicol as Martin, Dana Hill as Princess Amanda, Christopher
Lee as King Vladimir V, David Warner as Zandor the Innkeeper, Jack Riley as
the Deacon, and Frank Zappa as Atilla. Narrated by Vincent Price. Written by
Bruce Franklin Singer. Directed by Graeme Clifford.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x01
============

:: Title
The Three Little Pigs

:: Date
1985-02-12

:: Description
The mother of three little pigs sends her sons out into the world to find
their fortune in their own individual ways and The Big Bad Wolf's nagging wife
sends him out to get dinner.

Starring Billy Crystal as Larry Pig, Jeff Goldblum as Buck Wolf, Valerie
Perrine as Tina, Doris Roberts as Mother Pig, Fred Willard as Paul Pig, and
Stephen Furst as Peter Pig. Written by Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss and directed
by Howard Storm.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x02
============

:: Title
The Snow Queen

:: Date
1985-03-11

:: Description
A young girl named Gerda begins a perilous journey to rescue her best friend
named Kay after he is taken by the fabled Snow Queen.

Starring Melissa Gilbert as Gerda, Lance Kerwin as Kay, Lee Remick as the Snow
Queen, Lauren Hutton as the Lady of Summer, Linda Manz as the Robber Girl, and
David Hemmings as the voice of the Reindeer. Narrated by Shelley Duvall.
Written by Maryedith Burrell. Directed by Peter Medak.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x03
============

:: Title
The Pied Piper of Hamelin

:: Date
1985-04-05

:: Description
Told entirely in the original poem as a bedtime story to a young boy in 1840
England, the Mayor, Town Council and the whole German town of Hamelin in the
year 1376 learns the heavy price of going back on their promise to the magical
Pied Piper who helped rid their village of rats.

Starring and narrated by Eric Idle. Written and directed by Nicholas Meyer.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x04
============

:: Title
Faerie Tale Theatre: Greatest Moments

:: Date
1985-07-17

:: Description
Reunion episode, featuring cast/crew interviews, scripted skits, and recaps.
(Note: the final episode produced, but not last to air)

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x05
============

:: Title
Cinderella

:: Date
1985-08-14

:: Description
A beautiful and young girl named Cinderella recovering from the two deaths of
her father and her mother finds herself reduced to a servant in her evil
stepmother and her two evil stepsisters, her new stepfamily's household, but
is given the surprise of her life when her fairy godmother appears to lend a
helping hand.

Starring Jennifer Beals as Cinderella, Matthew Broderick as Prince Henry, Jean
Stapleton as the Fairy Godmother, Eve Arden as the Stepmother, James Noble as
King Rupert III, and Edie McClurg and Jane Alden as the Stepsisters. Narrated
by Joseph Maher. Written by Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss. Directed by Mark
Cullingham.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x06
============

:: Title
Puss in Boots

:: Date
1985-09-09

:: Description
A young man and son of a wind miller, journeys from rags-to-riches thanks to
his talented talking cat, Puss in Boots.

Starring Ben Vereen as Puss, Gregory Hines as Edgar, Alfre Woodard as Princess
Lovinia, George Kirby as King Fortuitous, and Brock Peters as the Ogre.
Narrated by Shelley Duvall. Written by Jules Feiffer. Directed by Robert
Iscove.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e4x07
============

:: Title
The Emperor's New Clothes

:: Date
1985-10-05

:: Description
An Emperor in 18th Century Europe with peacock tendencies becomes the target
for two con men who use his self-indulgence against him.

Starring Dick Shawn as the Emperor, Alan Arkin as Bo, Art Carney as Morty,
Clive Revill as the Prime Minister, Georgia Brown as Maggie, and Barrie Ingham
as the Finance Minister. Narrated by Timothy Dalton. Written by Rod Ash and
Mark Curtiss. Directed by Peter Medak.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e5x01
============

:: Title
Aladdin and His Wonderful Lamp

:: Date
1986-07-14

:: Description
A common boy named Aladdin has big dreams, which he finds coming true when he
is approached by a Moroccan magician who presents him an offer he can't
refuse.

Starring Robert Carradine as Aladdin, James Earl Jones as the Genie of the
Lamp and Genie of the Ring, Leonard Nimoy as the Evil Moroccan Magician,
Valerie Bertinelli as Princess Sabrina, Joseph Maher as the Sultan, Rae Allen
as Aladdin's Mother, and Ray Sharkey as the Grand Vizier. Written by Rod Ash
and Mark Curtiss. Directed by Tim Burton.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e5x02
============

:: Title
The Princess Who Had Never Laughed

:: Date
1986-08-11

:: Description
In a kingdom where all frivolity is banned, a princess who has grown up never
knowing what laughter is decides that she will marry the first man who can
make her laugh, but it takes a peasant's youngest son and his pig to bring out
both the laughter and the truth.

Starring Ellen Barkin as Princess Henrietta, Howie Mandel as Wienerhead Waldo,
Howard Hesseman as the King, Sofia Coppola as Gwendolyn (credited as Domino
Coppola), Michael Tucci as Lionel, Jackie Vernon as Phlegmatic Jack, and
Barrie Ingham as the Tutor. Narrated by William Daniels. Written by David
Felton. Directed by Mark Cullingham.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e6x01
============

:: Title
Rip Van Winkle

:: Date
1987-03-23

:: Description
The story of a lazy man who sleeps for twenty years after wandering off in the
mountains and playing ninepins with unusual men.

Starring Harry Dean Stanton as Rip van Winkle, Talia Shire as Wilma van
Winkle, Roy Dotrice as Peter Vanderdonk, Ed Begley Jr. as Broom Dutcher,
Christopher Penn as Will Tussenbrook, Tim Conway as the Mayoral Candidate, and
John P. Ryan as Hendrick Hudson. Written by Rod Ash and Mark Curtiss. Directed
by Francis Ford Coppola.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e6x02
============

:: Title
The Little Mermaid

:: Date
1987-04-06

:: Description
A young and beautiful mermaid named Pearl falls in love with a human being who
is a human prince named Andrew and sacrifices everything to be with him.

Starring Pam Dawber as Pearl, Treat Williams as Prince Andrew, Helen Mirren as
Princess Emilia, Karen Black as the Sea Witch, Brian Dennehy as King Neptune,
and Laraine Newman and Donna McKechnie as Pearl's sisters. Written by Anne
Beatts. Directed by Robert Iscove.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ftt1982e6x03
============

:: Title
The Dancing Princesses

:: Date
1987-11-14

:: Description
A widowed king who is overly protective of his six daughters discovers that
their dancing shoes are mysteriously being worn out every night, and offers to
let any prince who can solve the mystery choose any of the six princesses to
have as his bride, but when the cleverness of the eldest daughter proves too
much for the princes, it is up to a wandering soldier to discover the secret.

Starring Lesley Ann Warren as Princess Jeanetta, Peter Weller as the Soldier,
Roy Dotrice as the King, Zelda Rubinstein as the Old Woman, Ian Abercrombie as
the Royal Cobbler, and Max Wright as Prince Heinrick. Written by Maryedith
Burrell. Directed by Peter Medak.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes

