tvseries: The Ray Bradbury Theater (1985)
=========================================

:: Title
The Ray Bradbury Theater

:: Date
1985-1992

:: Description
The Ray Bradbury Theatre is an anthology series that ran for three seasons on
First Choice Superchannel in Canada and HBO in the United States from 1985 to
1986, and then on USA Network, running for four additional seasons from 1988
to 1992; episodes aired on the Global Television Network in Canada from 1991
to 1994. It was shown in reruns on the Sci Fi Channel and later on the Retro
Television Network.

Many of the episodes focused on only one of Bradbury's original works.
However, Bradbury occasionally included elements from his other works.
"Marionettes, Inc." featured Fantoccini, a character from "I Sing the Body
Electric!". "Gotcha!" included an opening sequence taken from "The Laurel and
Hardy Love Affair". Characters were renamed, and elements added to the
original works to expand the story to 23â€“28 minutes or to better suit the
television medium.

Each episode would begin with a shot of Bradbury in his office, gazing over
mementos of his life, which he states (in narrative) are used to spark ideas
for stories. During the first season, Bradbury sometimes appeared on-screen in
brief vignettes introducing the story. During the second season, Bradbury
provided the opening narration with no specific embellishment concerning the
episode. During the third season, a foreshortened version of the narration was
used and Bradbury would add specific comments relevant to the episode
presented. During the fourth and later seasons, a slightly shorter generic
narration was used with no additional comments.

:: References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ray_Bradbury_Theater

:: Collections
The Ray Bradbury Theater (1985)


rbt1985e1x01
============

:: Title
Marionettes, Inc.

:: Date
1985-05-21

:: Description
An overworked suburbanite husband (James Coco) uses a robot duplicate to allow
himself to have fun while his overbearing wife is left none the wiser.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Ray Bradbury.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes

