tvseries: The Alfred Hitchcock Hour
===================================

:: Title
The Alfred Hitchcock Hour

:: Date
1962-1965

:: Description
Alfred Hitchcock Presents is an American television anthology series created,
hosted, and produced by Alfred Hitchcock, and aired on CBS and NBC between
1955 and 1965. It features dramas, thrillers, and mysteries. Between 1962 and
1965 it was renamed The Alfred Hitchcock Hour. Hitchcock himself directed a
relatively small number of episodes.

:: References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Hitchcock_Presents

:: Collections
tvseries: Alfred Hitchcock Presents


ahp8x01
=======

:: Title
A Piece of the Action

:: Date
1962-09-20

:: Description
A gambler ends up putting his life at stake when he wins $30,000 from an ex-
hood.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Alfred Hayes.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x02
=======

:: Title
Don't Look Behind You

:: Date
1962-09-27

:: Description
An undergraduate medical student at a college campus thinks that she will be
the victim of a ritualistic murder.

Directed by: John Brahm. Story by: Barre Lyndon.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x03
=======

:: Title
Night of the Owl

:: Date
1962-10-04

:: Description
A man blackmails a couple with the intention of telling their adopted daughter
about her biological parents.

Directed by: Alan Crosland, Jr. Story by: Andrew Garve.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x04
=======

:: Title
I Saw the Whole Thing

:: Date
1962-10-11

:: Description
A mystery novelist is accused of going through a stop sign, then hitting a
young motorcyclist.

Directed by: Alfred Hitchcock. Story by: Henry Cecil (story), Henry Slesar
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x05
=======

:: Title
Captive Audience

:: Date
1962-10-18

:: Description
A publisher suspects the latest book of a renowned mystery author to be all
too real.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: John Bingham (novel), Richard Levinson,
William Link (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x06
=======

:: Title
Final Vow

:: Date
1962-10-25

:: Description
An apprentice nun tracks down the robber who stole a priceless figurine that
she was entrusted to bring to her convent.

Directed by: Norman Lloyd. Story by: Henry Slesar.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x07
=======

:: Title
Annabel

:: Date
1962-11-01

:: Description
A chemist lusts for a married woman.

Directed by: Paul Henreid. Story by: Robert Bloch (teleplay), Patricia
Highsmith (novel).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x08
=======

:: Title
House Guest

:: Date
1962-11-08

:: Description
A man gets more than he bargained for when he offers a younger man a fresh
start.

Directed by: Alan Crosland, Jr. Story by: Andrew Garve.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x09
=======

:: Title
The Black Curtain

:: Date
1962-11-15

:: Description
A former amnesiac discovers that he is an accused killer and that he is being
pursued by both the police and a hit man.

Directed by: Sydney Pollack. Story by: Cornell Woolrich (novel).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x10
=======

:: Title
Day of Reckoning

:: Date
1962-11-22

:: Description
A gentleman is unable to convince anyone that he murdered his cheating wife.

Directed by: Jerry Hopper. Story by: Richard Levinson, William Link.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x11
=======

:: Title
Ride the Nightmare

:: Date
1962-11-29

:: Description
An old man gets a younger man involved in blackmail, kidnapping and murder.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Richard Matheson (novel).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x12
=======

:: Title
Hangover

:: Date
1962-12-06

:: Description
A man wakes up with a hangover and realizes that his wife is missing, while
another woman is in his room.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Charles Runyon (short story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x13
=======

:: Title
Bonfire

:: Date
1962-12-13

:: Description
A preacher is willing to commit murder in order to get a woman's manor for his
church.

Directed by: Joseph Pevney. Story by: William D. Gordon, Alfred Hayes.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x14
=======

:: Title
The Tender Poisoner

:: Date
1962-12-20

:: Description
Two business executives compete for the affections of a beautiful woman.

Directed by: Leonard J. Horn. Story by: Lukas Heller (teleplay), John Bingham
(novel).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x15
=======

:: Title
The Thirty-First of February

:: Date
1963-01-04

:: Description
A widower is driven insane by a series of events following his wife's passing.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Julian Symons (novel), Richard Matheson
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x16
=======

:: Title
What Really Happened

:: Date
1963-01-11

:: Description
A housekeeper murders her boss, but his wife is charged with the crime.

Directed by: Jack Smight. Story by: Marie Belloc Lowndes(novel), Henry Slesar
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x17
=======

:: Title
Forecast: Low Clouds and Coastal Fog

:: Date
1963-01-18

:: Description
A woman faces the consequences for refusing to help a gentleman and his beaten
girlfriend.

Directed by: Charles F. Haas. Story by: Lee Erwin.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x18
=======

:: Title
A Tangled Web

:: Date
1963-01-25

:: Description
A married man with a life of crime stands trial for murder.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Nicholas Blake (novel), James Bridges
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x19
=======

:: Title
To Catch a Butterfly

:: Date
1963-02-02

:: Description
A couple believe that a boy in their neighborhood intends to kill them.

Directed by: David Lowell Rich. Story by: Richard Fielder.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x20
=======

:: Title
The Paragon

:: Date
1963-02-09

:: Description
A man comes up with the solution to dealing with his cold-hearted wife.

Directed by: Jack Smight. Story by: Alfred Hayes (teleplay), Rebecca West
(story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x21
=======

:: Title
I'll Be Judgeâ€”I'll Be Jury

:: Date
1963-02-15

:: Description
A honeymoon in Mexico ends with the wife being murdered and the husband
tracking down the killer.

Directed by: James Sheldon. Story by: Elizabeth Hely (novel), Lukas Heller
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x22
=======

:: Title
Diagnosis: Danger

:: Date
1963-03-01

:: Description
While Health Department officials try to contain an anthrax outbreak, police
try to identify the man who died from the disease.

Directed by: Sydney Pollack. Story by: Roland Kibbee.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x23
=======

:: Title
The Lonely Hours

:: Date
1963-03-08

:: Description
A mother of three whose husband is out of town grows concerned when a boarder
gets attached to her infant son.

Directed by: Jack Smight. Story by: Celia Fremlin (novel), William D. Morgan
(story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x24
=======

:: Title
The Star Juror

:: Date
1963-03-15

:: Description
A killer serves jury duty for the trial of a man who has been accused of his
crime.

Directed by: Herschel Daugherty. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x25
=======

:: Title
The Long Silence

:: Date
1963-03-22

:: Description
A woman becomes paralyzed in reaction to the news that her eldest son
apparently killed himself.

Directed by: Robert Douglas. Story by: Charles Beaumont, William D. Gordon
(teleplay), Hilda Lawrence (story "Composition for Four Hands").

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x26
=======

:: Title
An Out for Oscar

:: Date
1963-04-05

:: Description
A bank teller plans the perfect crime in order to do away with his cheating
wife and her lover.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Henry Kane (novel), David Goodis
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x27
=======

:: Title
Death and the Joyful Woman

:: Date
1963-04-12

:: Description
A man loses his life upon winning a gamble with his disinherited child.

Directed by: John Brahm. Story by: Ellis Peters (novel), James Bridges
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x28
=======

:: Title
Last Seen Wearing Blue Jeans

:: Date
1963-04-19

:: Description
A juvenile schoolgirl witnesses a murder and becomes the killers' next target.

Directed by: Alan Crosland, Jr. Story by: Amber Dean (novel), Lou Rambeau
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x29
=======

:: Title
The Dark Pool

:: Date
1963-05-03

:: Description
A woman is blackmailed after her child drowns.

Directed by: Jack Smight. Story by: Alec Coppel (story), William D. Gordon
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x30
=======

:: Title
Dear Uncle George

:: Date
1963-05-10

:: Description
An advice journalist tries to advise himself on how to deal with his cheating
wife.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: James Bridges (teleplay), Richard
Levinson, William Link (story and teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x31
=======

:: Title
Run for Doom

:: Date
1963-05-17

:: Description
A doctor plans to marry a soloist, despite the fact that her three previous
husbands all met gruesome deaths.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: James Bridges (teleplay), Henry Kane
(novel).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp8x32
=======

:: Title
Death of a Cop

:: Date
1963-05-24

:: Description
A police officer plots the punishment of his son's killer.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Leigh Brackett (teleplay), Douglas
Warner (novel).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x01
=======

:: Title
A Home Away from Home

:: Date
1963-09-27

:: Description
A patient at a mental institution does a role reversal by imprisoning the
doctors.

Directed by: Herschel Daugherty. Story by: Robert Bloch.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x02
=======

:: Title
A Nice Touch

:: Date
1963-10-04

:: Description
A woman is caught between her drunken husband and her determined lover.

Directed by: Joseph Pevney. Story by: Mann Rubin.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x03
=======

:: Title
Terror at Northfield

:: Date
1963-10-11

:: Description
The residents of a small town demand the investigation of a boy's death.

Directed by: Harvey Hart. Story by: Leigh Brackett (teleplay), Ellery Queen
(story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x04
=======

:: Title
You'll Be the Death of Me

:: Date
1963-10-18

:: Description
A newlywed bride becomes suspicious of her husband when she finds a button
belonging to a young woman who died not far from their mountain cabin.

Directed by: Robert Douglas. Story by: William D. Gordon (teleplay), Anthony
Gilbert (story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x05
=======

:: Title
Blood Bargain

:: Date
1963-10-25

:: Description
A contract assassin meets his target's handicapped wife.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Henry Slesar.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x06
=======

:: Title
Nothing Ever Happens in Linvale

:: Date
1963-11-08

:: Description
A widow tries to convince a police officer that her neighbor has murdered her
husband.

Directed by: Herschel Daugherty. Story by: Richard Levinson, William Link.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x07
=======

:: Title
Starring the Defense

:: Date
1963-11-15

:: Description
A former actor defends his son on murder charges.

Directed by: Joseph Pevney. Story by: Henry Slesar.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x08
=======

:: Title
The Cadaver

:: Date
1963-11-29

:: Description
A medical undergraduate tries to get his roommate to stop drinking by
convincing him that he killed a girl.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x09
=======

:: Title
The Dividing Wall

:: Date
1963-12-06

:: Description
A break-in gang gets exposed to a radioactive capsule.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Joel Murcott (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x10
=======

:: Title
Goodbye, George

:: Date
1963-12-13

:: Description
A movie actress is visited by her ex-convict husband, whom she had assumed was
dead.

Directed by: Robert Stevens. Story by: William Fay.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x11
=======

:: Title
How to Get Rid of Your Wife

:: Date
1963-12-20

:: Description
A gentleman and his wife each plot the other's murder.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Robert Gould.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x12
=======

:: Title
Three Wives Too Many

:: Date
1964-01-03

:: Description
A woman learns that her husband has three other wives.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Kenneth Fearing (short story), Arthur
A. Ross (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x13
=======

:: Title
The Magic Shop

:: Date
1964-01-10

:: Description
A boy gains the power of mind over matter.

Directed by: Robert Stevens. Story by: H.Â G. Wells (story), John Collier
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x14
=======

:: Title
Beyond the Sea of Death

:: Date
1964-01-24

:: Description
An heiress ends her marriage to a fortune hunter.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Miriam Allen DeFord (short story), William
D. Gordon and Alfred Hayes (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x15
=======

:: Title
Night Caller

:: Date
1964-01-31

:: Description
A woman is driven to madness by a young man and a series of intimidating phone
calls.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Robert Westerby (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x16
=======

:: Title
The Evil of Adelaide Winters

:: Date
1964-02-07

:: Description
A convicted artist claims that she can make contact with the dead.

Directed by: Laslo Benedek. Story by: Arthur A. Ross.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x17
=======

:: Title
The Jar

:: Date
1964-02-14

:: Description
A gentleman buys a jar with something strange inside it.

Directed by: Norman Lloyd. Story by: Ray Bradbury (short story), James Bridges
(teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x18
=======

:: Title
Final Escape

:: Date
1964-02-21

:: Description
A prisoner matches wits with his custodian in his efforts to escape from a
maximum-security prison.

Directed by: William Witney. Story by: Thomas H. Cannan, Jr., Randall Hood
(story), John Resko (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x19
=======

:: Title
Murder Case

:: Date
1964-03-06

:: Description
An American actress and her former lover plan the murder of her wealthy
British husband.

Directed by: John Brahm. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x20
=======

:: Title
Anyone for Murder?

:: Date
1964-03-13

:: Description
A psychologist plans an assassination in order to get out of his miserable
marriage.

Directed by: Leo Penn. Story by: Jack Ritchie (short story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x21
=======

:: Title
Beast in View

:: Date
1964-03-20

:: Description
A woman thinks that her brother's ex-fiancÃ«e is trying to kill her.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Margaret Millar (novel), James
Bridges (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x22
=======

:: Title
Behind the Locked Door

:: Date
1964-03-27

:: Description
A woman is told by her mother that she will be cut off from her inheritance if
she does not divorce her husband, whom the mother claims is a gold digger.

Directed by: Robert Douglas. Story by: Joel Murcott (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x23
=======

:: Title
A Matter of Murder

:: Date
1964-04-03

:: Description
A carjacker steals a Rolls Royce with a dead body inside it.

Directed by: David Lowell Rich. Story by: Boris Sobelman.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x24
=======

:: Title
The Gentleman Caller

:: Date
1964-04-10

:: Description
A couple hide their stolen money in an old woman's high-rise apartment and
their plan to have her committed backfires when the police are called.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x25
=======

:: Title
The Ordeal of Mrs. Snow

:: Date
1964-04-17

:: Description
A man hatches a plot to keep his wife's rich aunt from exposing him.

Directed by: Robert Stevens. Story by: Alvin Sargent.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x26
=======

:: Title
Ten Minutes from Now

:: Date
1964-05-01

:: Description
A performer is suspected of making bomb threats against an official.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Arthur A. Ross (teleplay), Jack Ritchie
(short story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x27
=======

:: Title
The Sign of Satan

:: Date
1964-05-08

:: Description
The lead actor in a horror movie thinks that a cult of devil worshipers are
out to kill him.

Directed by: Robert Douglas. Story by: Barre Lyndon.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x28
=======

:: Title
Who Needs an Enemy?

:: Date
1964-05-15

:: Description
A dishonest man finds a way to avoid prosecution.

Directed by: Harry Morgan. Story by: Arthur A. Ross.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x29
=======

:: Title
Bed of Roses

:: Date
1964-05-22

:: Description
A newlywed man has a date with his girlfriend that turns nightmarish.

Directed by: Philip Leacock. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x30
=======

:: Title
The Second Verdict

:: Date
1964-05-29

:: Description
A lawyer discovers that his acquitted client was really guilty of murder and
may try to kill again.

Directed by: Lewis Teague. Story by: Alfred Hayes (teleplay), Henry Slesar
(story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x31
=======

:: Title
Isabel

:: Date
1964-06-05

:: Description
An ex-convict marries the woman who had him sent to jail.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: William Fay (teleplay), S.B. Hough
(novel), Henry Slesar (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp9x32
=======

:: Title
Body in the Barn

:: Date
1964-07-03

:: Description
An old woman tracks down her husband's murderer.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Harold Swanton.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x01
========

:: Title
The Return of Verge Likens

:: Date
1964-10-05

:: Description
Verge Likens is a farmer whose father was killed by a crooked politician named
Riley McGrath. Verge returns home to avenge his father's death. He manages to
get close to Riley by getting hired as an assistant at a barbershop. After
asking the barber to run an errand, Verge is alone with Riley and proceeds to
lather up the murdering politician for a shave. Verge vividly describes how he
is planning to cut Riley's throat. When the barber returns to the barbershop,
he finds the door locked. He gets the police, who break down the door. Inside,
they find Verge standing over Riley's dead body. Berge has avenged his
father's death and he is not guilty of a crime. Riley died of a heart attack.

Directed by: Arnold Laven. Story by: James Bridges (teleplay), Davis Grubb
(story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x02
========

:: Title
Change of Address

:: Date
1964-10-12

:: Description
Over the protests of his wife Elsa, Keith Hollin rents a beach house. Elsa
dislikes the house and is disturbed by her husband's digging of a grave-like
hole in the basement. She is further disturbed when she finds out that Keith
is seeing a local girl named Rachel. When Keith tells Elsa that he wants to
buy the house, she decides to foil his plan by contacting the wife of the
current owner to tell her to not to sell. Keith, however, grows angry and
kills Elsa. He buries her body in the basement, but is surprised when the
police arrive. The police carry shovels and want to dig up the basement. The
police tell Keith that Elsa discovered the wife of the house's owner was
missing. She tipped off the police and they began an investigation. They
called the house's owner in for questioning and he confessed to murdering his
wife. He told them that he buried his wife in the basement of the beach house.
The police are at the beach house to dig up the basement so that they can find
the body.

Directed by: David Friedkin. Story by: Andrew Benedict (story), Morton S.
Fine, David Friedkin (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x03
========

:: Title
Water's Edge

:: Date
1964-10-19

:: Description
Rusty Connors is a con man that has just been released from prison. He looks
up the wife of his dead former cellmate, a robber and murderer, named Mike
Krause. Before he was imprisoned, Krause stole a significant amount of money
and killed his partner. The money and the body, however, never turned up.
Connors talks to Krause's wife Helen and hopes that she knows where the money
is. She, however, does not have a clue. Eventually, however, they are able to
figure out that the money is stored in an abandoned boathouse that is now
infested with rats. In the boathouse, they find the money and the skeleton of
Krause's partner. When Connors sees the money, he is overcome with greed and
tries to murder Helen. She manages to knock him out. When Connors awakens, he
finds himself bound and gagged and being taunted by Helen. She gets up to
leave with the money, but is tripped by Connors and is impaled on a hook. As
she dies, the scent of her blood attracts the rats. Since Connors is bound;
all he can do is listen with horror as the rats approach him in order to kill
him by eating him alive.

Directed by: Bernard Girard. Story by: Robert Bloch (short story), Alfred
Hayes (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x04
========

:: Title
The Life Work of Juan Diaz

:: Date
1964-10-26

:: Description
Juan Diaz is dying and penniless. His last wish is that he can provide
financial security for his family. About a year later, a gravedigger named
Alejandro exhumes Juan's corpse to make room in the cemetery. He has it
mummified and stores it in a crypt with a number of other mummies. Juan's
wife, Maria, discovers Alejandro's plan and steals Juan's body. She hangs it
in the house and tells tourists that it is an authentic Mexican mummy. Money
from the tourists pays for food and clothing for Maria and her three children.
Eventually, however, Maria is overcome by the ghoulishness of what she has
done. She begs for forgiveness, but a gleam in the eye of the corpse's body
reveals that Juan approves of what she has done.

Directed by: Norman Lloyd. Story by: Ray Bradbury (story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x05
========

:: Title
See the Monkey Dance

:: Date
1964-11-09

:: Description
While George is headed to see his girlfriend, he meets a mysterious limping
stranger who makes George fear for his life. George learns that the stranger
is his girlfriend's jealous husband and that his girlfriend arranged this
meeting between them in hopes that her husband would kill George. The stranger
tells George that she has done this sort of thing before and that he tried,
but failed, to kill his wife's last lover. The stranger convinces George to
plot revenge and tells him to tamper with the steering of his wife's car.
George does as the stranger suggests and his girlfriend dies. George discovers
to his dismay, however, that the limping stranger was really his girlfriend's
former lover and that he used George to get his revenge on her.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Lewis Davidson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x06
========

:: Title
Lonely Place

:: Date
1964-11-16

:: Description
Stella is married to a cowardly peach farmer named Emory and takes in a
passing hobo named Jesse. She hires him to help her husband harvest the peach
crop. Unfortunately, Jesse's strange behavior and fascination with a knife
that he carries begins to frighten her. Emory, however, refuses to believe
her. Stella tries to run away, but is caught by Jesse. He threatens to stab
her, but she fights him off. She escapes in her husband's truck and heads
home. There she awakens Emory and tells him about Jesse. Emory, however,
confesses that he heard her screams, but was too afraid to do anything. Stella
angrily stabs her husband and kills him. She then calls the police and blames
the murder on the fleeing Jesse.

Directed by: Harvey Hart. Story by: Francis Gwaltney.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x07
========

:: Title
The McGregor Affair

:: Date
1964-11-23

:: Description
Edinburgh, Scotland, 1827. John McGregor must take care of his alcoholic wife
Aggie. He works for Dr. Knox and must lug large boxes of tanbark to his
medical academy. When John learns that the boxes actually contain the murdered
victims of two body snatchers named Burke and Hare, he decides to get rid of
his wife by getting her drunk and leaving her on the body snatchers' doorstep.
The plan is successful, but John is overtaken by remorse. Unfortunately, he
ends up being Burke and Hare's next victim.

Directed by: David Friedkin. Story by: David Friedkin.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x08
========

:: Title
Misadventure

:: Date
1964-12-07

:: Description
An outsider befriends a woman who is bent on murdering her husband.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Lewis Davidson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x09
========

:: Title
Triumph

:: Date
1964-12-14

:: Description
A woman comes between a phony medical missionary and his partner.

Directed by: Harvey Hart. Story by: Arthur A. Ross.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x10
========

:: Title
Memos from Purgatory

:: Date
1964-12-21

:: Description
A young author joins a gang to collect material for his latest book.

Directed by: Joseph Pevney. Story by: Harlan Ellison.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x11
========

:: Title
Consider Her Ways

:: Date
1964-12-28

:: Description
A physician tries to prevent her vision of an all-female society from coming
true.

Directed by: Robert Stevens. Story by: Oscar Millard.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x12
========

:: Title
Crimson Witness

:: Date
1965-01-04

:: Description
A playboy loses everything to his hated brother, leading to a reenactment of
the story of Cain and Abel.

Directed by: David Friedkin. Story by: David Friedkin.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x13
========

:: Title
Where the Woodbine Twineth

:: Date
1965-01-11

:: Description
A woman's niece claims to be acquainted with "minute people".

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x14
========

:: Title
Final Performance

:: Date
1965-01-18

:: Description
A former vaudevillian's fiancee plans to get away from him.

Directed by: John Brahm. Story by: Robert Bloch.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x15
========

:: Title
Thanatos Palace Hotel

:: Date
1965-02-01

:: Description
A suicidal man checks into a hotel that caters to people just like him.

Directed by: Laslo Benedek. Story by: Arthur A. Ross.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x16
========

:: Title
One of the Family

:: Date
1965-02-08

:: Description
A family discovers that the nurse that they hired to care for their baby is a
wanted child killer.

Directed by: Joseph Pevney. Story by: Oscar Millard.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x17
========

:: Title
An Unlocked Window

:: Date
1965-02-15

:: Description
Three nurses care for a patient in a manor where previous nurses have been
killed.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x18
========

:: Title
The Trap

:: Date
1965-02-22

:: Description
A woman plots to murder her husband and marry one of his employees.

Directed by: John Brahm. Story by: Lee Kalcheim.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x19
========

:: Title
Wally the Beard

:: Date
1965-03-01

:: Description
A man gets more than he bargained for when he acquires a wig and beard.

Directed by: James H. Brown. Story by: Arthur A. Ross.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x20
========

:: Title
Death Scene

:: Date
1965-03-08

:: Description
A mechanic aspiring to be an actor writes a play for the daughter of a former
director.

Directed by: Harvey Hart. Story by: James Bridges.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x21
========

:: Title
The Photographer and the Undertaker

:: Date
1965-03-15

:: Description
A photographer and an undertaker are assassins who have each been assigned to
kill the other.

Directed by: Alex March. Story by: James Holding (story), Alfred Hayes
teleplay.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x22
========

:: Title
Thou Still Unravished Bride

:: Date
1965-03-22

:: Description
A police officer suspects that his missing fiancee has been killed.

Directed by: David Friedkin. Story by: Avram Davidson (story), Morton S. Fine,
David Friedkin.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x23
========

:: Title
Completely Foolproof

:: Date
1965-03-29

:: Description
A woman plots to murder her rich, cheating husband.

Directed by: Alf Kjellin. Story by: Anthony Terpiloff.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x24
========

:: Title
Power of Attorney

:: Date
1965-04-05

:: Description
A con man swindles wealthy women.

Directed by: Harvey Hart. Story by: James Bridges (teleplay).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x25
========

:: Title
The World's Oldest Motive

:: Date
1965-04-12

:: Description
A married man gets the chance to marry his girlfriend when an outsider offers
to kill his wife.

Directed by: Harry Morgan. Story by: Lewis Davidson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x26
========

:: Title
The Monkey's Pawâ€”A Retelling

:: Date
1965-04-19

:: Description
A man acquires a monkey's paw that grants three wishes - with deadly
consequences.

Directed by: Robert Stevens. Story by: Morton S. Fine, David Friedkin, Anthony
Terpiloff (teleplay), W.Â W. Jacobs (story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x27
========

:: Title
The Second Wife

:: Date
1965-04-26

:: Description
A newlywed woman thinks that her husband killed his previous wife.

Directed by: Joseph M. Newman. Story by: Robert Bloch (teleplay), Richard
Deming (story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x28
========

:: Title
Night Fever

:: Date
1965-05-03

:: Description
An injured criminal uses a nurse's compassion to escape from the hospital.

Directed by: Herbert Coleman. Story by: Gilbert Ralston (teleplay), Clark
Howard (short story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


ahp10x29
========

:: Title
Off Season

:: Date
1965-05-10

:: Description
A trigger-happy cop gets fired from the police department and gets a job in
the office of a small town sheriff.

Directed by: William Friedkin. Story by: Robert Bloch (teleplay), Edward D.
Hoch (short story).

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


